Document certified Helm Charts and consolidate Helm docs (#35759)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odc-installing-helm-charts-using-developer-perspective.adoc

[id="odc-installing-helm-charts-using-developer-perspective_{context}"]
= Installing Helm charts using the Developer perspective

> You can use either the *Developer* perspective in the web console or the CLI to select and install a chart from the Helm charts listed in the *Developer Catalog*. You can create Helm releases and see them in the *Developer* perspective of the web console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use either the *Developer* perspective in the web console or the CLI to select and install a chart from the Helm charts listed in the *Developer Catalog*. You can Helm releases by installing the Helm charts and see them in the *Developer* perspective of the web console.
```

In the "Understanding Helm" chapter it is stated that:
```
A running instance of the chart in a cluster is called a release. A new release is created every time a chart is installed on the cluster.
```
